♪
Anastasia,
I vow to love you faithfully,
forsaking all others.
I promise to love,
to trust and to respect you.
To comfort you in times of need
and keep you safe.
All that I have is now yours.
I give you my hand and my heart
for as long
as we both shall live.
Christian,
I vow to be
your faithful partner
in sickness and in health.
I promise to love you
unconditionally,
to honor and respect you,
to bring you solace
in times of need.
I promise to cherish you
as long as we both shall live.
I now pronounce you
man and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
♪
♪ Never was a leader
♪ Never had a thing
for fairy tales ♪
♪ Not really a believer
♪ Nah, nah
♪ Small voice in the choir
♪ Guess I never dared
to know myself ♪
♪ Kept my heartbeat quiet
-♪ Oh
♪ But then there was you
♪ Yeah, then there was you
-Hi. -Oh, my God, thank you.
-♪ You were telling it true
You're welcome.
You look so elegant.
-I can't believe
that just happened. -I know.
Hey, who is that with Elliot?
I don't know but she's about
to lose that hand.
Okay.
♪ I want to get louder
-♪ I got to get louder
That's me.
Yeah. You.
-Let's get out of here.
I'm sick of sharing you
with the riffraff.
I have to change.
Okay.
Be quick.
♪ We're bout to go up, baby,
up we go ♪
♪ For worse or for better
♪ Gonna give it to you
♪ In capital letters
-Oh!
♪ You put a crack
in the shadows ♪
♪ And you told me
it's okay to be the light ♪
Out of the way.
♪ And not to swim
in the shallows ♪
♪ Oh, no
♪ And I wanna get drunk
with you ♪
♪ When we lie so still
but you're taking me places ♪
♪ Holding me onto you
You own this?
We own this.
♪ Yeah, then there was you
Mrs. Grey, Mr. Grey.
Ooh!
♪ I got something to say now
♪ 'Cause you told me
that there's ♪
♪ Nowhere I couldn't go,
nothing I couldn't do ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ I want to get louder
♪ I got to get louder
♪ We're 'bout to go up, baby,
up we go ♪
♪ We're 'bout to go up,
baby, up we go ♪
♪ We're blowing up speakers
♪ Uh-huh, a little clearer
♪ We're 'bout to go up, baby,
up we go ♪
♪ We're 'bout to go up,
baby, up we go ♪
♪ For worse or for better
♪ Gonna give it to you
♪ In capital letters
♪ Gonna give it to you,
gonna give it to you ♪
♪ Gonna give it to you
♪ I want to get louder
♪ I got to get louder
♪ We're 'bout to go up, baby,
up we go ♪
♪ We're 'bout to go up,
baby, up we go ♪
♪ We're blowing up speakers
♪ Uh-huh, a little clearer
♪ We're 'bout to go up, baby,
up we go ♪
♪ We're 'bout to go up,
baby, up we go ♪
♪ I want to get louder
♪ I got to get louder
♪ We're 'bout to go up, baby,
up we go ♪
♪ We're 'bout to go up,
baby, up we go ♪
♪ We're blowing up speakers
♪ Uh-huh, a little clearer
♪ We're 'bout to go up, baby,
up we go ♪
♪ We're 'bout to go up,
baby, up we go ♪
♪ For worse or for better
♪ Gonna give it to you
♪ In capital letters.
Monsieur. Monsieur.
Take it. It's a present.
It's a rock.
Take it.
Excusez moi.
Will you put this
on my back, you grouch.
If you insist.
Take off the whole thing.
Not a chance.
Why?
You're showing plenty as it is.
I am wearing more
than any woman here.
You want to be ogled
by every guy on the beach,
When's Taylor gonna get
a vacation?
We need security.
On the beach
Because we do.
You're done.
I'm gonna go for a swim.
You coming?
Mm-hmm.
I'm right behind you.
Here you go, sir.
-Ana.
What the hell are you doing?
I must have turned over
in my sleep.
It's not funny.
-Oh!
Come on.
It's a little funny.
-L'addition, s'il vous plait.
-D'accord.
Christian, look around.
There's nothing but boobs
for as far as the eye can see.
It's boobs in Boobland.
Nobody cares about mine.
They will when they're on the
cover of some sleazy tabloid.
All right?
We're going back to the boat.
-Whoo!
-Hold on.
♪ Dans la fièvre et l'envie ♪
♪ Tu as fait, toi de moi
♪ Ta meilleure ennemie
♪ Et si tu m'entraines
♪ Si tu m'aimes,
ca me déchaine ♪
♪ Oui si tu m'entraines
♪ Comme je t'aime,
comme je t'aime ♪
♪ Ay, ay, ay, ah
♪ Ay, ay, ay, ah.
You insist on defying me,
Mrs. Grey.
Learn to live with it.
Mm, it's not my style.
How come you always
braid my hair?
Hush.
Do you remember your safe word?
Mm-hmm.
Purple.
-Ana.
Red.
Right.
Good.
Lift up your arms.
♪
♪ I will never
sacrifice my love ♪
♪ Not even for you
Tomorrow, I'm gonna
glue this to you.
♪ You know I don't play safe
♪ Sometimes you have
to break the rules ♪
♪ We could call it love
♪ Or we could call it
nothing ♪
♪ But you got what I want
♪ So, baby, give me something
♪ We could call it love
♪ Or we could call it
nothing ♪
♪ But you got what I want
♪ You know I do, too
-Don't pull. They'll bite.
-♪ So let me let you just
-♪ Lay me down
♪ Turn me on
♪ Take it all tonight
♪ Yeah, let me
let you just lay me down ♪
I am going to fuck you
until you scream.
♪ Take it all tonight...
Do you love me?
You know I love you.
♪ Turn me on...
Then why do you defy me?
Because I can.
-♪ Let me let you just
-♪ Lay me down
♪ Turn me on
♪ Take it all tonight.
I should misbehave more often.
Yeah, maybe you should.
-Mm.
Hey, Ros, what's up?
I'm-I'm sorry to interrupt
your honeymoon.
We had a fire in the main
server room this morning.
-No.
And the damage
could have been much worse.
The fire suppression system
kicked in.
It looks like arson.
Someone planted
an explosive device.
This guy.
Security is sweeping the room
for fingerprints and DNA.
Did he get any data?
He took some of your
personal files, and then he
might have set the fire
to cover his tracks.
Uh, can you go back?
Oh, my God.
That's Jack.
Who's Jack?
Jack Hyde,
formerly of S.I.P.
- Uh, he was my boss.
- Uh-huh.
Not anymore.
He's been dealt with.
I'm sorry, we need to go home.
Ros, can you tell Andrea
I need the jet
in Nice tomorrow, please?
Got it.
I-I'm sorry, Mrs. Grey.
Oh, don't be.
Why would Jack do that?
It's insane.
What?
I got a report from the FAA.
They don't think
that the helicopter crash
was an accident.
They said it looks
like sabotage.
Sabotage?
Why wouldn't you tell me that?
I didn't want you to worry.
You think Jack did that, too?
Why would he be going
to these lengths?
I don't know.
But don't worry.
I swore I'd keep you safe,
and I will.
Linc.
Grey.
Hello.
This is my wife, Anastasia.
-Ah, Mrs. Grey.
-Hi.
Congratulations.
-Thank you.
And good luck.
What was that?
Never mind.
Tell me.
It's Elena's ex.
Mr. Robinson?
Yes.
He doesn't like me very much.
I could tell.
Ana, that's not funny.
-Oh, uh...
Mr. and Mrs. Grey,
welcome home.
-Hi, Gail.
-Thank you.
Uh, Sawyer, ma'am.
Hello. Hi.
This is my colleague, Prescott.
-Hi.
-Keep it simple.
They'll be in charge
of your personal security.
Oh.
Both of you?
We'll mostly take turns,
Mrs. Grey.
You won't even know we're here.
That seems unlikely,
but thank you.
-Come on.
-Can I get you something to eat
-I'm good.
Anastasia?
Some tea, perhaps?
Yeah. Yes. Thank you.
I mean, please and thank...
and thank you.
-I'll be in my office.
-Okay.
Laters, baby.
Now, when you have a moment,
we should discuss how you'd
like to run the household.
Run the household?
The dinner menus,
-the wine list,
uh, the flowers. -Oh.
And what changes
you'd like made to the decor.
Um...
I-I know it's a lot
to take in, Mrs. Grey.
There's no rush.
Can't you just call me Ana?
Well, Mr. Grey likes
to be called Mr. Grey,
so that would be a little odd.
Right. Okay.
Now, what would you like
for tonight?
I have boeuf bourguignon...
Actually, I was kind of
thinking that maybe
I could just cook dinner
for Christian tonight.
Mrs. Grey.
I'm so sorry. You prob...
I don't want to mess up
your plans. I'm sorry.
Mrs. Grey, this is your home.
:
This is your kitchen.
You don't need
to ask permission.
Now, why don't I show you
what's in the fridge,
and you can take it from there.
Perfect.
Perfect timing.
Where's Gail?
I gave her the night off.
Sit.
Medium rare,
just how Sir likes it.
I could get used to this.
Well, we're kind of married,
so you might have to.
I mean you in my kitchen.
-Mm. -You mean barefoot
and pregnant?
That was a joke.
Yeah.
I'm assuming it wasn't
the "barefoot" part
that made you nearly choke
on your food.
You do want to have kids
someday, right?
Someday, sure.
You don't really sound sure.
You know what I am sure about?
Hmm?
That's great steak.
Christian.
Do you not want to have kids?
Of course.
One day, just not now.
I'm not ready to share you
with anyone.
Mrs. Grey.
Thank you.
Hey, Brendan.
Morning, Miss Steele.
Welcome back,
Miss Steele. -Hi.
Ana.
Nice of you to join us.
Hi, Liz.
Am... am I in the right office?
We had a makeover.
Mr. Roach wanted to welcome
the new fiction editor.
Who's the new fiction editor?
You are.
You got a promotion.
I got a promotion?
And you weren't even here.
Ana!
-Hi, Hannah.
: Hi.
Hi.
Hi. Welcome back.
-Amazing.
I'm gonna let you
get settled in.
And, Ana, good luck.
Not that you need it.
So...
who is that beautiful man?
Oh, that's Sawyer,
my personal security.
Oh.
I know.
It's very, very fancy.
Um, can we find a spot for him?
I might have an opening.
-Hannah!
: What?
Down, girl.
Uh, everything's
in relatively the same spot.
Oh, and I asked I.T.
to change your e-mail.
Because they still have you
as Ana Steele
instead of Ana Grey.
Oh.
Um, l-let's just leave it
-for a while.
-Done.
And Boyce Fox is in town.
I have penciled him in
for 11:00.
-Amazing. Awesome.
-Thank you. Thanks, Hannah.
-Yeah.
Oh, wait, hold on.
For your collection.
Paris?
Thank you.
It's good to have you back, Ana.
It's good to be back.
♪
This is amazing, Ana.
I-I can't thank you enough.
Well, you did the work.
Hi. How can I help you?
Christian Grey
for Miss Ana Steele.
Now, when am I gonna see pages
for book two?
Already?
Um, well, I've written
three chapters so far.
Christian.
Um, Boyce, this is my husband,
Christian Grey.
Christian, this is Boyce Fox.
-Pleasure to meet you.
-Absolutely.
Do you mind?
I need a word
with Miss Steele here.
Uh, no. Actually, no, we're
not... we're not finished.
Uh, you know, I'm just gonna
grab a coffee real quick.
It was nice to meet you.
Good-looking guy.
Seriously, Christian?
You're vetting my authors now?
I tried e-mailing you.
It bounced.
There's no Anastasia Grey
at S.I.P.
I know.
Ana Steele is the name
I use at work.
And I know you're gonna say
I don't need to work,
but I can't stay home
and-and do lunches
and choose wallpaper.
I would lose my mind.
I work because I love my job.
Understood.
But you can't love it
as Ana Grey?
I need to have
my own identity here.
People already think I got
to where I am because of you.
But you didn't.
You got this
through hard work and talent.
Why does it matter
what you call yourself?
Who gives a shit
what people think?
Well, apparently, you do.
Would you change your name
for me?
Yes.
If it meant that much to you.
Okay.
I'll think about it.
You will?
Yeah.
That's how this works,
remember?
Talk, listen...
work stuff out.
Now, get lost.
I gotta find my author.
And you need to shave.
I'll pick you up at 5:00.
I might not be done by then.
My boss's boss's boss
is kind of a pain in the ass.
Boyce.
♪
♪ I can't think of nothing else
but loving you ♪
♪ You got me doing things
I never really do ♪
Hey.
♪ Tell me where you want
to go... ♪
Sawyer can ride with Taylor.
You're coming with me.
♪ And I ain't perfect
♪ I know I've hurt you...
I don't think so.
-Let me drive it.
-No.
Let me drive it.
No.
♪ Big baller,
bougie shot caller ♪
♪ No fuck boys
allowed in my aura ♪
♪ Missus want a mister,
not for his dollar ♪
♪ Mm, yeah, if you're trying
to flex, don't bother ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm a big spender,
blame on my gender ♪
♪ Last time he paid,
I just can't remember ♪
♪ I don't got the time
to play with pretenders ♪
♪ You might have your own,
but I'm the big spender ♪
♪ Oh, oh
♪ Oh
♪ Oh...
I feel like
I've been here before.
You saw it when we were sailing
on the Sound.
Oh, yeah.
It's beautiful.
I bought it.
For us as a home.
I should have asked you first.
If you don't like it,
we can always...
-I love it.
Oh, my God.
Christian.
Hi.
-Mwah. Anastasia.
-Hi.
This is Gia Matteo,
the architect.
You were, um, at our wedding.
-Mm-hmm.
-Gia's a friend of Elliot's.
This location is perfect.
I'm going to build you
a fabulous house.
I'd like to show Ana inside.
Of course.
-That GQ profile on you...
I love what you're doing
in Africa.
Oh, thank you.
Now, let me show you
what I have in mind.
A state-of-the-art,
self-sufficient smart house.
Marine steel,
self-cleaning glass,
a guest wing with an
entertaining area to the west.
And this infinity pool
will really make that view
of the Sound.
Um, you want to tear
the whole house down?
Don't you?
It's so dated.
I like it.
I think it has character.
Well, a new house
would be a statement
and ecologically efficient.
I mean, these older places
are so impractical.
It's up to you.
Actually, it's up to my wife.
What she says goes.
Excuse me.
Sure.
Hey, Ros.
- Christian, hey.
- Yeah.
I suppose we could reuse
-some of the existing stone.
-Gia.
I'm sure you're
very good at what you do.
Otherwise, Christian wouldn't
have asked for your input.
But...
please stop speaking to my
husband as if I weren't here.
Ana...
I have designed
many prestige projects.
You may call me Mrs. Grey.
And this is not
a prestige project.
This is gonna be our home.
So, if you want this job,
I suggest you stop
making eyes at my husband
and keep your hands
to yourself.
Or you can go and climb back
into your shit-colored car
and drive back to Seattle.
It's up to you.
Look, I'm sorry, Mrs. Grey,
but I would never...
:
It won't happen again.
Everything okay?
-Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
We were just discussing
an alternative approach.
Something less in your face.
More respectful.
Sure.
Why don't I start over?
-Yeah.
Okay.
It's not bad.
I'll draw up new plans,
and you'll have them
in the next two weeks.
Great.
We look forward to it.
Mr. Grey.
Thanks, Gia.
Mrs. Grey.
-This is gonna be fun.
I'm paying for extra security,
and you're scarier
than any of them.
-Here.
You could handle her,
you can handle this.
♪
Whoa, Ana.
Easy. Ana!
Sure beats Wanda.
We've lost Taylor and Sawyer.
Slackers.
-I'm a race car driver.
Hey, Taylor.
The SUV. I see it.
We're being followed.
That Dodge?
Sawyer ran the plates.
They're fake.
-Lose him.
Seriously.
Lose him.
♪ Just like the rain outside
♪ Your body's sweatin',
drippin' wet ♪
♪ And I just can't
control myself, no, baby ♪
♪ Be my obsession,
my possession, baby... ♪
You can make it.
Don't slow down.
Head south. Get us home.
♪ This must be your lucky day
♪ I wanna jack it, smack it
♪ You know the shit
that turns you on ♪
-Good work.
-♪ I wanna lick it, kiss it
♪ I'll give you
everything you want... ♪
♪ Ooh, howlin' out your name
♪ Ooh, girl like champagne
♪ Ooh, you're gonna
feel the bite ♪
♪ When the wolf
comes out tonight ♪
Taylor,
I've got you on speaker.
We're right behind
the Dodge, Mr. Grey.
He's still trying
to catch up with you.
-No, not yet.
♪ You love to misbehave
Go.
♪ Be my addiction
♪ My prescription, baby
♪ I got a condition,
it must be your lucky day ♪
Come on, dude.
♪ I wanna jack it, smack it
♪ You know the shit
that turns you on... ♪
-Flash your lights.
-That's a dick move.
♪ Give you everything
you want ♪
-♪ Ooh
♪ Howlin' out your name
♪ Ooh, girl like champagne,
ooh ♪
-Get off here.
-♪ You're gonna feel the bite
♪ When the wolf
comes out tonight ♪
♪ Can you feel the bite?
♪ When the wolf
comes out tonight ♪
There. The parking lot.
♪ Oh, yeah, when the wolf
comes out tonight ♪
♪ When the wolf
comes out tonight. ♪
-Ana lost him.
-We're still in pursuit.
You okay?
Hey. We're in a parking lot.
I know.
Sorry, Mr. Grey.
We lost him.
It's gotta be Hyde.
Got this from
the highway patrol.
That's not Hyde.
That looks like a woman.
Where's Leila Williams
right now?
Still with the family
in Connecticut.
Whoever it is, she's gotta be
working with Hyde.
What's the latest on him?
He hasn't been seen
for a month.
No purchases,
no ATM transactions.
What about friends, family?
Yeah, not much of either.
Okay, I want everything
there is to know about Hyde.
Where he comes from,
his shoe size, all of it.
And I want the three of you
with us in New York.
-I have to go there
for meetings this week.
You're coming with me.
Can you guys give us a second?
You know I can't go
to New York.
-I have to work.
-Take it with you.
I have meetings.
-Reschedule.
-I have to show up.
I have responsibilities.
You can't keep me in a cage.
-I just want you to be safe.
-I will be safe.
I have Sawyer and Prescott.
I'll be fine.
You need a haircut.
Not the priority.
I can do it.
-No.
-Yeah.
I used to cut my dad's hair
all the time.
I don't want to look
like your father.
Okay.
♪ Mm-mm-mm-mm, mm-mm
♪ Mm-mm, mm-mm-mm-mm, mm-mm
♪ You don't have to be
so cautious ♪
♪ If you practice
what you preach ♪
♪ Counting up the stacks
on the counter ♪
♪ A fuckin' disease
♪ But don't ask me
to be righteous ♪
♪ If you practice
what you teach ♪
♪ Counting all your blessings
♪ The second you're down
on your knees ♪
-Christian!
-You're distracting me.
-Okay.
-♪ Get a little high
-♪ High...
Oh...
-♪ Not gonna learn my lesson
♪ When we're running out
of time ♪
-♪ So why
-♪ Why, why...
-Okay, enough, enough.
Enough.
Where are the scissors?
In my desk.
Wait here.
Don't move.
I'm not going anywhere.
♪ Get a little...
♪
Hey.
Why is there a gun
in your desk?
It's Leila's.
Why didn't you give it
to the cops?
She was in enough trouble.
Here.
I'll get rid of it.
Okay.
♪
Good morning, wife.
Good morning, husband.
I'm off.
Fly safe.
Text me when you land.
Stay close to Sawyer
and Prescott.
Come straight home after work.
I will. I promise.
I love you.
♪
Hi, Mr. Roach.
Jerry. Come on.
Jesus, it's Jerry, okay?
Uh, pre-orders for Boyce Fox.
Check that out.
Check it out.
200,000?
That includes e-books,
and marketing
hasn't even
gotten off the blocks yet.
Oh, my God.
You were right about him
having a built-in readership.
It's really just...
It's good work.
That is good work, Ana.
Keep it coming.
Um, Sawyer, can we go
to The Bunker Club, please?
Mr. Grey said to take you
straight home.
Well, Mr. Grey's not here.
I am.
So Bunker Club, please.
Yes, ma'am.
So really?
-I know.
I guess Elliot
wasn't exaggerating.
What do you mean?
He said that Christian
arranged security
for the whole family
after what happened with Hyde.
Apparently,
they're driving them nuts,
and Mia keeps
giving her guy the slip.
Why do you look at me
like you don't
know what I'm talking about?
I-I don't...
know what you're talking about.
After they found all
those files on Hyde's computer,
stuff about Christian,
the Greys?
He didn't tell you any of that?
No. No, he didn't.
But I-I'm sure
he had his reasons.
Hey. Hi.
Excuse me. Can we get
two more martinis, please?
-Of course. Right away.
-Thank you. -Mm-mm.
I can't, really.
I promised Christian
I would go home.
Ugh. Come on.
You afraid that your hot
bodyguard's gonna narc on you?
Yeah.
Probably.
How's Elliot
He's busy.
He's working
on this big eco project
with that architect Gia Matteo.
The one with the really big...
Plans. Yeah, huge plans.
And, boy, does Elliot like
to look at those plans.
No.
-He adores you, Kate.
-I don't know.
I just... I have this feeling.
Why don't you just ask him
straight up?
Honestly, I don't know
if I want to know the answer.
Whatever.
I hate that I even care
this much.
-No. No.
-Here you go.
Thank you.
Just keep 'em coming, will you?
And don't ever stop.
-Of course.
: Thank you.
No, I really can't.
I'm gonna get
in so much trouble.
Look at you. You're so...
What?
Married.
I know.
Honestly, it happened so fast.
Made my head spin.
It suits you.
Yeah, I think it does.
Except you don't see enough
of your friends.
I know.
-I know. I'm sorry.
-I missed your face.
-Cheers.
My sweetest friend.
-To your face.
-To your plans.
:
Oh, my God.
Right?
-Oh, my God.
And you know me. I mean,
I hate jellyfish, right?
-I know.
-So I'm like, "No! No!"
I'm, like, halfway out of
the water, halfway up a tree.
: Like...
-Oh, my God.
-You're so cute.
-I missed you.
I'm going to stalk you until
you make another date, okay?
-Yeah. Wha... Oh, God, sorry.
-My phone is just crazy.
-It's okay.
Oh, Jesus.
-Come on.
-We'll give you a ride.
-Okay.
This is Christian Grey.
Leave a message.
Sawyer, if you speak
to my husband tonight,
just don't say anything.
Let me tell him
that I was out with Kate.
Okay?
Mr. Grey already knows.
I spoke with him
when you got off work.
:
Shit.
♪
Mrs. Grey?
Now, you're gonna
be a good girl.
And we're gonna walk
to the elevator nice and slow.
Mrs. Grey! Let her go.
Go ahead. Take the shot.
-Drop the knife.
Hands on your head.
Hands on your head,
or I'll fire.
You okay, Mrs. Grey?
Did he hurt you?
No, I'm fine.
Better restrain him.
I don't have anything.
We do.
I-I mean... I... We...
I can find something.
So, Hyde's
a former colleague of yours?
Uh, yes, he was my boss
until a few weeks ago,
but they let him go.
Can I ask why?
Because he attacked me.
Sir.
We recovered this
from an elevator
maintenance vehicle
parked in the lower garage.
Stolen plates.
Must have been how the suspect
gained access.
This mean anything to you,
Mrs. Grey?
"You owe me a life."
No, nothing.
Mr. Grey is on his way home.
We really need
to wrap this up, please.
We'll finish this
another time, Mrs. Grey.
You rest.
And, uh, don't worry
about Hyde.
We've got enough to hold him.
He won't be going anywhere.
:
Okay.
All right.
Hi.
Come to bed.
Maybe later.
♪
I can't.
-Ana, hey.
I just saw this.
Are you okay?
-Shit.
-It must have been terrifying.
Are you sure
you should be at work?
Yeah, it was, but I'm...
I'm fine.
One of the reports said
that it was Jack Hyde.
It was.
What did he want?
Liz, I appreciate your concern,
but I don't want
to talk about it.
Okay.
I don't know what
I'm gonna tell Mr. Roach.
Um, I will talk to Jerry.
Whatever you say...
Mrs. Grey.
Hello?
Welcome home, Anastasia.
Christian?
Where is everybody?
Elsewhere.
I thought you were mad at me.
Turn around.
♪
We're going to the playroom.
♪ Don't ask me
♪ What you know is true
♪ Don't have to tell you
♪ Oh, I love
your precious heart ♪
♪ I was standing
♪ You were there
♪ Two worlds collided
-♪ And they could never
♪ Ever tear us apart
♪ Oh...
♪ And we could live
♪ For a thousand years
-♪ But if I hurt you
-I'm gonna drive you wild.
♪ I'd make wine
from your tears ♪
♪ Oh, I told you
♪ That we could fly
♪ 'Cause we all have wings
♪ But some of us
don't know why ♪
♪ I was standing
♪ You were there
♪ Two worlds collided
♪ And they could never
tear us apart ♪
This is how you make me feel.
♪ Oh...
Christian.
You promise one thing,
and you do the opposite.
And now you know
how that feels.
Christian, what are you doing?
-Don't stop.
Frustrating, right?
Why are you stopping?
-Frustrating like you.
-Red, red, red.
-♪ And they could never
-Red, red, red, red.
-♪ Ever tear us apart.
That was not love, Christian.
That was revenge.
You told me you were coming
straight home.
Don't use the Red Room
to even the score.
I was scared for you.
I was safer in that bar
with Kate than I was here.
I denied you
so you would understand
what it feels like for me
when you break your promises.
You denied me to punish me.
I felt powerless knowing
that Hyde was out there.
I was angry.
I was away from home.
I just wanted
to see my friends.
But, Christian,
why didn't you tell me
that he was keeping files
on you and your family?
What is that about?
Ana, please.
The truth is I have no idea
why he's going to these lengths
to get to us.
There has to be a reason.
There's gotta be
some connection.
I know.
You know, I had a dream
last night...
that you were dead.
And you were lying
on the concrete.
And you were cold,
and I couldn't wake you.
Well, I'm fine.
I'm right here. I'm fine.
Hyde is locked up now.
And I'm right here with you.
I'm sorry.
Sawyer.
-Hannah.
Ana Ste... uh, Grey.
Mrs. Grey,
it's your boss's boss's boss.
Look out your window.
I think you deserve a break
from all this.
I'm taking you away
for the weekend.
Mrs. Jones
has packed you a bag.
It's in the trunk.
Oh, did she, now?
Do I get to know
where we're going this time?
Aspen.
You won that auction.
Might as well
get your money's worth.
Okay, I'm coming.
♪ I know I'm home...
Nice to see you again, Stephan.
Mrs. Grey, Mr. Grey.
♪ I'm diving in deep, and I'm
riding with no brakes... ♪
Surprise!
-Oh, my God.
You wanted to see more
of your friends.
: Come here.
-You guys!
♪ Been waiting for a lifetime
for ya ♪
♪ Been breaking
for a lifetime for ya ♪
♪ Wasn't looking for love
till I found you ♪
♪ Oh, na-na-eh
♪ For love
till I found you, oh. ♪
- Here we are.
- That's beautiful.
Oh!
You think this is nice?
You should see it in the snow.
We should totally
hit the sauna together.
Totally. Let's...
Oh, you meant her.
-I'm fine.
Come on.
Okay, this one's yours.
I'm at the other end
of the house.
And you two can make
as much noise as you want.
Oh, and there's a piano.
♪ Baby, I'm amazed at the way
♪ You love me all the time
♪ Maybe I'm afraid
of the way I love you ♪
-No way.
♪ Maybe I'm amazed
at the way you... ♪
You guys must have heard him
play before.
-We've never heard him sing.
-Ever.
♪ Maybe I'm amazed at the way
I really need you ♪
Maybe I've heard enough.
♪ Baby, I'm a man
♪ Maybe I'm a lonely man
♪ Who's in the middle
of something ♪
♪ That he doesn't
really understand ♪
And he sings?
♪ Maybe I'm a man, maybe
you're the only woman... ♪
You know, I really wish
you would just talk to Elliot.
I don't like seeing you
like this.
I know.
I'm sorry. I'll lighten up,
I promise.
No, I just think that you'll
feel so much better
when you clear things up
with him.
Let's go find some wine.
Do you think Elliot
would ever cheat on Kate?
She thinks he's sleeping
with Gia Matteo.
Well, I'm sure he has, but that
doesn't mean he is now.
He has?
-Probably.
Elliot's slept
with half of Seattle.
Hmm.
I didn't know
he was so promiscuous.
Ana, it's none of our business.
I know.
Well, it will be our business
when I murder him
for breaking Kate's heart.
Mia said you hardly ever
come here.
There's never been someone
I wanted to bring up here.
I was waiting for you.
♪
Ana.
-Shit.
Nice one.
There you are.
I was looking for you.
You all right?
I couldn't sleep.
You want to talk about it?
I've already talked to this
pint of ice cream about it.
I'll make you some tea.
Mm.
Oh.
I'm so sorry.
-Ooh!
-Not funny.
Oh, God, it's dripping.
I'll get it.
♪ Love's my religion,
but he was my faith ♪
♪ Something so sacred,
so hard to replace... ♪
Okay.
Ah-ah.
This is mine.
Come here.
-♪ Would've done anything
♪ Everything for him
♪ And if you asked me
-♪ I would do it again
♪ No need to imagine
♪ 'Cause I know it's true
♪ They say all good boys
go to Heaven ♪
♪ But bad boys
bring Heaven to you ♪
♪ It's automatic
-♪ It's just what they do
♪ They say all good boys
go to Heaven ♪
♪ But bad boys
bring Heaven to you ♪
♪ You don't realize
the power they have ♪
♪ Until they leave you
and you want them back ♪
♪ Nothing in this world
-♪ Prepares you for that
♪ I'm not ashamed
that he wasn't the one ♪
♪ Had no idea
what we would become ♪
-♪ There's no regrets
-Shit.
♪ I just thought it was fun
♪ No need to imagine
-♪ 'Cause I know it's true
♪ They say all good boys
go to Heaven ♪
♪ But bad boys
bring Heaven to you ♪
♪ It's automatic
♪ It's just what they do
God, you drive me crazy.
♪ They say all good boys
go to Heaven ♪
♪ But bad boys
bring Heaven to you ♪
What?
It's my turn.
♪ No need to imagine
-♪ 'Cause I know it's true...
-Ana.
Keep it down. You don't want
to wake up the whole house.
Oh, I really don't care
about the whole house.
♪ But bad boys
bring Heaven to you ♪
♪ It's automatic
-♪ It's just what they do
♪ They say all good boys
go to Heaven ♪
♪ But bad boys
bring Heaven to you... ♪
Christian,
Elliot's taking us hiking.
-No.
I have work to do.
Come on.
Just a stroll in the hills.
When Elliot says "stroll,"
he means 20 miles
straight uphill with nothing
to eat but tree bark.
What if I run into a bear?
Mm, good luck to the bear.
What was Christian
like when he was little?
He doesn't ever really talk
about it.
It's a miracle he talks at all.
When Mom and Dad
first brought him home,
he never spoke.
He didn't cry.
I mean, he's never cried.
He did kick the crap out of me
a few times when Mom
wasn't looking, though.
Really?
You guys seem like
you're pretty close now.
Yeah, we've grown up a lot
since then.
Now I'm just in awe of him.
He's the bravest guy I know.
Nothing scares him.
You seem pretty fearless.
Me?
Nah.
What are you so afraid of?
Hey, Elliot, when is
this forced march gonna end?
I promised Ana
we'd go shopping.
Well, guess we could go back
through town.
I got some errands to run, too.
Sir.
This just came in.
More background on Hyde.
Went to Princeton
on a scholarship,
graduated summa cum laude.
Smart guy.
Worked for publishers
in New York and Chicago
before S.I.P.
What else?
We tracked down
an ex-assistant.
Seems Hyde slept with her.
Made a sex tape,
used it to blackmail her.
Jesus.
Has she told the police?
She wouldn't go on record.
And another thing--
apparently, Hyde was
in and out of foster homes
in Detroit.
So was I.
Good work.
-Keep digging.
-Sir.
And, Taylor...
Ana's still shaken up.
Not a word about this for now.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yes!
-I don't know.
It's really low in the back.
-It's hot.
-Yeah, but...
Oh, Christian's gonna
love this dress.
Help. My zipper is stuck.
Oh.
Let me see.
-Ta-da!
What do you think?
Oh, my God.
I know.
Look at you.
You're like a valentine.
-Turn around.
-Look at her.
-Elliot's gonna love it.
-He's gonna love it.
Mm. Oh!
-Shoes.
-Shoes!
-Let's have a drink.
-Mm. Oh!
-Oh, girl, look at you.
Here you go. I know,
it's kind of like a napkin.
Tell me you didn't wear that
to go hiking.
Of course I did.
I did.
It's, um...
good for sweating and...
has full range of motion.
It's very short.
I know.
And it's not
too far from here...
...to here...
-to there.
-And to here.
So just don't bend over.
We should be fine.
Oops.
-A design flaw.
♪ You're in that good light,
that candle glow ♪
♪ You look fantastic,
so dynamo... ♪
Hey, Elliot,
did I see that architect
you work with
in town today, Gina?
Gia Matteo.
Yeah, she, um...
she has a place here.
Okay.
Are they real?
Like, can they be real?
I never asked.
Uh, two bottles of Bollinger
and six glasses, please.
Are we celebrating something?
Um...
At a certain point, uh,
the idea of spending
the rest of my life
with one person
seemed unimaginable.
And then I met Kate.
And I fell head over heels
in love.
-I fell
in love with your beauty,
with your grace, your wisdom,
for everything that you are.
And now the only thing
I can't imagine is...
is being without you-- ever.
So...
marry me?
Please.
-Yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
Congrats, dude.
♪ Do I ever cross your mind?
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ Hypocrite, I admit it
♪ 'Cause it's not like
I've been spending... ♪
Hey, what's going on?
-♪ But I can't stop wondering
-Hey.
♪ If you're there at home
You should see him
when he's angry.
♪ And does she feel
♪ The way I felt under you?
Well, now I know
why you were acting so weird.
Did you pick it out yourself?
I had a little help
from an old friend.
An old girlfriend?
Hey, not everyone marries
the first girl they ever dated.
Well, some of us like
to get it right
the first time, bro.
Did you just
roll your eyes at me?
Maybe.
What are you gonna do about it?
♪
♪ Wow
♪ I feel good
Top drawer on the right.
-♪ I knew that I would now
Top drawer on the right. Go.
♪ I feel good, mm
♪ I knew that I would now,
yes ♪
-♪ So good, so good, so good
-No way.
Ana, do as you're told.
♪ I feel nice
♪ Like sugar and spice
You ready?
Yeah.
♪ So nice, so nice, so nice
-♪ So nice, so nice
You all right?
-Mm-hmm.
-♪ Wanna hold you
♪ In my arms
-♪ I know
that I can do no wrong ♪
♪ When I hold you in my arms
♪ My love can't do me no harm
♪ And I feel nice
-♪ Like sugar and spice
♪ Da-da da-da da-da da-da
-♪ Da, da, da
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
-♪ Sing
♪ Yeah.
Hey, uh, Dr. Greene
called again,
and there is
a Detective Clark to see you.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Grey,
but my lieutenant asked me
to check something out.
Jack Hyde claims you and him
were sleeping together
when he worked at S.I.P.
-He tried to break it off,
you got upset,
and you made up this whole
sexual assault story
to get him fired.
! -Says he came
to your apartment to try
and straighten things out,
but your security people
got involved
and it all went south.
No, that is complete bullshit.
I'll put that down as a denial.
-Jack attacked me.
-Right.
He attacked me,
and then he tried to kidnap me.
Do you believe
what he's saying?
Officially, Mrs. Grey,
it doesn't matter
what I believe.
Unofficially,
I believe Hyde
is a lying piece of shit
who will say anything
to get bail.
You need to be ready for that.
Thank you for your time.
Wait, Jack is applying
for bail?
Noon today,
municipal courthouse.
Does your client deny forcing
entry into this penthouse?
He does not, Your Honor.
However, my client
had exhausted all legitimate
means of redress
and merely wanted to confront
the parties responsible
for destroying his career.
I think he wanted to do more
than confront them, counselor.
These are not the actions of an
innocent man seeking redress.
However,
given his clean record,
the court will grant bail.
-Set at $500,000.
-Your Honor.
Next case.
Okay.
Let's go.
Hello.
Mrs. Grey,
I've caught you at last.
This is Dr. Greene.
Dr. Greene, uh, I'm sorry
I haven't called you back.
That's okay, but you've missed
your last two appointments.
Can you come to my office
this afternoon?
I did leave a lot of messages.
I know.
I-I've been so busy,
it just kind of
slipped through the cracks.
Hmm.
Before we start...
It seems you're pregnant,
Mrs. Grey.
It's, uh... I'm...
What?
The shot is almost
100% effective
when administered regularly.
-There.
Its heartbeat.
Where?
Just there.
It's just like a little blip.
I'd say it's six, seven weeks.
:
Little blip.
How'd it go today?
Uh, good. I got a visit
from Detective Clark.
Apparently, Hyde is trying
to say that I came on to him.
He expects people
to believe that?
It's his word against mine.
Is that what's bothering you?
Ana, no one will believe him.
And the other assistants,
they'll tell the detectives
-he did the same...
-I'm pregnant.
Six or seven weeks.
You forgot your shot?
Christ, Ana.
I'm sorry.
I know it's not good timing.
I had plans for us.
I wanted to give you the world,
not diapers and vomit
and shit.
Do you really think
that I'm ready to be a father?
No. I don't.
And I'm not ready
to be a mother, either,
but we'll just figure it out.
I'm not ready to figure it out.
♪ Hoping
♪ For a miracle
♪ I'm not equipped for this
♪ But I can't move until
♪ Standing
♪ At the crossroads
♪ There's no right answer
♪ No one's brain to pick
He'll come back.
♪ Under
♪ The spotlight
♪ There's no escaping
♪ I'm a deer caught
in headlights ♪
♪ I am hoping
♪ For a sign
♪ Not in a drink
♪ Not in a leaf
♪ Please see me through
♪ Metaphors in blue...
Christian,
it's me. Where are you?
Will you please come home?
♪ I'm holding on
♪ For dear life.
Fuck.
I'm home.
Hey.
You look mighty fine,
Mrs. Grey.
Wow, you look mighty drunk.
Where have you been?
Shh.
All right, let's go to bed.
Now you're talking.
Okay, big guy, come on.
-Lean on me.
You're so beautiful.
Both of me?
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
-Okay.
Time for sleep.
This is where it starts.
Where what starts?
Babies mean no sex.
That can't be true.
There'd be no siblings.
Hmm. You're funny.
Oh, no... no, no.
Come on.
-Come on. Come on.
Oh. Hello.
We have an intruder.
You're gonna take her
from me, aren't you?
You'll see.
You'll choose him over me.
Nobody's choosing anybody.
Uh, he might be a she.
Oh, Jesus.
♪
Ana?
Anastasia?
Shit.
Go through the apartment.
Check every room.
Taylor, check the garage,
see if you
can talk to the concierge.
Sawyer, take a look
at the CCTV.
Sawyer, we're leaving for work
in 20 minutes.
-Yes, ma'am.
Ana.
-Ana.
Anastasia?
-Open the door.
Ana.
That's it?
You're ignoring me?
Hey.
Why are you behaving like this?
I don't know.
Maybe you should go
ask your friend, Mrs. Robinson.
What?
You've been reading my texts?
I've been picking up your shit,
Christian.
I told you we're just friends.
The time for talking to me
was yesterday.
But instead, you decided
to go get drunk with the woman
who taught you how to fuck
when you were a child.
The going gets rough,
and you go running to her.
I thought you were better
than that.
It wasn't like that.
Did you sleep with her?
No. What do you think,
I'd cheat on you?
You did.
You confided in her
about our private life.
You chose her over me.
And then you came home,
and you said that I would
choose this baby over you.
And you know what?
If I have to, I will.
I will choose this baby
over anybody
because that is what
decent parents do.
It's what your mother
should have done for you,
and I am so sorry
that she didn't, Christian.
I am sorry.
But you are not a kid anymore,
Christian.
You need to grow the fuck up.
You're not happy
about this baby.
I got that.
I am not ecstatic, either,
given the timing
and your reaction.
But babies happen
when you have sex,
and you and I tend
to do a lot of that.
So we can either
do this together...
...or I will do it without you.
And what about us?
Well, when your husband prefers
the company of his ex-mistress,
it doesn't really say much
for your marriage, does it?
Elena and I just talked.
I was too angry with you.
I'm angry with you, Christian.
You left me.
You left me when I needed you.
You fucked up.
Yes, I fucked up,
and I'm sorry.
I'm standing here
telling you I'm sorry.
Okay, she doesn't...
she doesn't mean anything
to me.
I don't need her.
I need you.
Would have been good
if you felt that way yesterday.
♪
It turned out so great,
you guys. Thank you so much.
-Thank you. -And, Emma, if we
can just make the font size
two points bigger
on the hard copy.
Mm-hmm.
Good morning. S.I.P.
Hey.
Kate Kavanagh
called you three times.
And your husband called.
He wanted me to remind you
that he is flying down
to Portland, but he'll be back
-this afternoon.
-Yeah.
Are you okay?
Can I get you a latte?
No, thank you.
Ana Grey's office.
-Hey, Hannah, it's Kate.
-Miss Kavanagh.
Yes, she is.
Give me one moment,
and I'll transfer you.
Kate.
Hey.
Christian's looking for you.
He called me at like 6:00 a.m.
Uh, it's fine. He found me.
What's going on
Mm-hmm. I'm just at work,
and I'm so busy.
Can I call you back?
Okay.
But, hey, you know I'm here
for you, right?
:
I know.
Oh, Ana.
Kate, don't.
Talk later?
Yeah.
Bye.
Hi, Mia.
Damn, it's good
to hear your voice.
Jack?
We never got a chance
to talk last week.
How the hell are you?
How are you calling me?
-You should be in j...
I'm out on bail, sweetheart.
This is Mia's phone.
It is. It is.
Yeah. Cool spec, too.
Zeiss lens.
-20-megapixel camera.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I picked her up
outside the gym.
It seems like your husband's
security never learns.
I want my life back, Ana.
I could have been
Christian Grey.
I'm smarter.
I've got more balls than him.
He had it so easy.
They should have picked me.
That was supposed to be me.
Those people, they owe me.
What are you talking about?
Forget about it.
If you want to see
your sister-in-law again,
get me five million
by 1:00 p.m.
That's in less
than two hours, Jack.
That's completely impossible.
Oh, please.
You were smart enough
to take my job.
You'll figure it out.
And don't tell anybody.
Not your husband.
Not his security.
Or you'll get his little sister
back in pieces.
Jesus, Jack. Please.
Keep your phone with you.
No, let me talk to Mia.
Jack.
Oh, my God.
Hannah,
please clear my calendar
for the rest of the day.
I don't feel well.
Sawyer, can you please
take me home?
♪
Yes.
You know, she actually bit me.
I'm kind of turned on
right now.
Jesus Christ, Jack,
I'm doing what you asked.
Clock's ticking, Ana.
You're gonna need
to grab some bags.
Five million in cash
takes up a lot of space.
Ticktock.
♪
Yes, Mrs. Grey.
Sawyer, can you come help me
in the library, please?
On my way.
Mrs. Grey.
Mrs. Grey, wait. Hey, Ana!
Fuck!
She's run out
of the goddamn building.
-Fuck!
♪
Good morning.
May I help you?
Um, I need to make
a-a withdrawal.
I need, um, a large...
cash withdrawal.
Um...
my husband and I have
an account here--
Mr. and Mrs. Christian Grey.
Mrs. Grey, of course.
If you come this way.
Thank you.
Mrs. Grey, I'm Troy Whelan,
senior manager.
Hi, Mr. Whelan.
I'm-I'm very sorry
to spring this on you,
but, um,
it's incredibly urgent.
Oh. Uh, for a large
cash transaction like this one,
we have procedures
we have to follow,
so they take time.
I don't have time.
I need the money immediately.
We might be able to...
Do you have,
uh, identification?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay. Thank you.
Now, you'll need
to write a check,
and I have to make
a phone call.
Mrs. Grey, it's your husband.
Christian?
Ana?
What's going on?
What are you doing?
Is this about this morning?
Ana, talk to me.
That's how this works, right?
Tell me what's wrong.
I can't.
Are you leaving me?
Wait for me there.
I'll be 15 minutes.
Christian.
Please don't.
Ana, what's happening?
This doesn't sound like you.
Okay.
Put Whelan back on the phone.
Whelan.
Give her whatever she wants.
Do whatever she tells you.
Yes, Mr. Grey.
Something's up.
Ana's in trouble.
Head for the bank on First.
Hurry.
Yes, sir.
♪
Come on, baby, pick up.
Pick up, please.
Mrs. Grey,
sorry to keep you waiting.
Sir, your sister Mia
is missing.
We can't find her.
Oh, they're quite heavy.
Sam here will take them
to your car.
Okay, um... Shit.
Is there a problem?
Um, can I make a phone call?
Cutting it awfully close, Ana.
Um, I have a problem.
-I know.
You were followed to the bank.
-There is a blue Dodge
parked in the alley
with tinted windows.
Get in.
You have three minutes.
No. I need more time
than that, Jack.
Give the driver your cell.
You won't be needing it
anymore.
I need to use
your emergency exit.
We don't usually...
Yes, Mrs. Grey.
I also need
to borrow your phone.
Thank you.
He made bail?
Why wasn't I informed?
Detective, the same day
that Hyde gets out,
my sister goes missing,
and my wife takes $5 million
out of our account.
You think that's a coincidence?
Liz?
Get in the back.
Phone.
Sir, she's gone.
Picked up in a blue Durango.
Damn it.
Think it's the same car
that tailed you.
They took her phone,
dropped it in the alley.
That's not her phone.
I'm tracking her phone,
and it's headed east.
Liz, what are you doing?
Why are you doing this?
-Shut up.
They're at Fourth and
South Michigan, heading south.
Fourth and Michigan.
Roger that.
All units be advised,
suspect vehicle
is a blue Durango
headed south on Fourth
through Georgetown.
Taylor, right here.
Over the bridge to South Park.
-Oh, my God.
-Mia.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
No. No.
You made it.
-20 minutes to spare.
-Jack, I brought you
all the money.
It's all in the car.
-Just let me have Mia.
-We'll get to that.
Did you lose her phone?
Yeah, in the alleyway
by the bank.
-Good.
They're stopped.
The signal stopped.
Carrie Street, north.
Ten blocks. Hurry.
We have two units
converging on that area.
With you in three minutes.
Jack, please just let us go.
That's for SIP,
you stuck-up little bitch.
Thanks for fucking up my life.
Jesus, Jack, stop.
I did what you wanted.
I gave you what you asked for.
You think you can humiliate me?
-No.
-You bitch!
Where's Christian now,
Ana, huh?
Jack, don't.
You said you wouldn't kill her.
And she's not dead.
Not yet.
You have the money.
Leave her. Let's go.
Fuck the money.
I don't give a shit
-about the money.
-Enough.
All units, cell phone signal
has been triangulated
to South Park, east of...
Taylor, grab Mia.
Ana
Ana, can you hear me?
Stay with me, Ana.
Breathe. Breathe.
Stay with me, Ana. Ana.
Please be careful.
She's pregnant.
Please stay back, Mr. Grey.
Let us help your wife.
I was so awful to her, Mom.
The things I said,
I want to take 'em all back.
Sweetheart, if there was
no room in marriage
for mistakes,
none of them would last
more than a week.
Tell her you're sorry.
And mean it.
Then give her a little time.
I thought she was leaving me.
Not this one.
She's tenacious.
Especially about things
that she loves.
And she does love you,
Christian.
You know that, don't you?
Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
Good.
Oh, sweetheart.
- Anastasia.
- I'll call Dr. Bartlet.
Hey.
How are you feeling?
Is the baby...
the baby's okay?
The baby's fine.
Baby's fine.
Thank God.
Is Mia okay?
Yes.
Mia's fine.
Hey.
Ana, I want to have
this baby with you.
I was just scared.
I wanted your world
to begin and end with me.
It does.
Christian, it does.
You're my whole life.
Are you crying?
-Come here.
Why didn't you tell me
what was going on?
I couldn't.
Jack threatened me.
What happened to him?
He'll live.
I can't believe
I shot somebody.
You should have aimed higher.
Liz was helping him.
Blackmail.
She had sex with Hyde,
and he filmed it.
Seems he did that
with all his assistants.
Oh, my God.
I know you think you're gonna
be a really shitty dad.
But you're not.
This baby's gonna love you.
Unconditionally.
Just like you loved
your mother.
You just have to forgive her.
Shares in Lincoln Industries
were suspended today
on news of a hostile takeover
by Seattle entrepreneur
Christian Grey.
The announcement came
on the same day
founder and CEO John Lincoln
was fired by his own board.
It's alleged Lincoln
misused company finances
-to post bail for one Jack Hyde,
currently under arrest
on charges
of kidnapping and extortion.
A spokesperson
for Grey Enterprises
said Lincoln Industries would
be broken up and its assets...
What is happening?
Are you cooking?
:
Yeah. I got this.
Prepare to be amazed.
Shit.
What's this?
It's more information on Hyde.
Open it.
Whoa.
Look at his foster family.
That's Hyde.
That's me.
You were in foster care
with him?
I must have been.
Do you remember these people?
Do you know these kids?
I barely remember anything
before I was adopted.
I was too young.
That must have been
what he meant
when he said
that you owe him a life.
Because your parents
adopted you and not him.
What's going on?
If I'd been left in the system,
who knows how I
would have turned out?
That could be me.
Maybe that should have been me.
Hey. No.
You are nothing like him.
You were given a life
with advantages, yes, but...
look what you made of it.
You're a man of honor.
And you treat people well.
You care.
No one could ever say that
about a man like Hyde.
No matter who raised him.
I love you.
Now, if you could only cook.
-You'd be perfect.
-Oh, God.
Okay.
Fuck it.
Let's get takeout.
-Yeah.
It seems that they've found
where your birth mother
is buried.
♪
♪ You're the light,
you're the night ♪
♪ You're the color
of my blood ♪
♪ You're the cure,
you're the pain ♪
♪ You're the only thing
I wanna touch ♪
♪ Never knew that it
could mean so much ♪
♪ So much
♪ You're the fear,
I don't care ♪
♪ 'Cause I've never
been so high ♪
♪ Follow me through the dark
♪ Let me take you
past our satellites ♪
♪ You can see the world
you brought to life ♪
♪ To life
♪ So love me like you do
♪ La-la-love me like you do
♪ Love me like you do
♪ Touch me like you do,
ta-ta-touch me like you do ♪
♪ What are you waiting for?
♪ Love me like you do
♪ La-la-love me like you do
-♪ Like you do
-♪ Love me like you do
♪ La-la-love me like you do
♪ Yeah, touch me like you do,
ta-ta-touch me like you do ♪
♪ What are you waiting for?
♪ Fading in, fading out
♪ On the edge of paradise
♪ Every inch of your skin
♪ Is a holy grail
I've gotta find ♪
♪ Only you can set
my heart on fire ♪
♪ On fire
♪ Yeah, I'll let you
set the pace ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm not
thinking straight ♪
♪ My head's spinning around
-♪ I can't see clear no more
♪ What are you waiting for?
So, you want to play?
Yes, sir.
♪ I'll let you set the pace
♪ 'Cause I'm not
thinking straight ♪
You're topping
from the bottom, Mrs. Grey.
♪ My head's spinning around
But I can live with that.
♪ I can't see clear no more
♪ What are you waiting for?
♪ Love me like you do
-♪ La-la-love me like you do
-♪ Like you do
♪ Love me like you do,
la-la-love me like you do ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah,
touch me like you do ♪
♪ Ta-ta-touch me like you do.
-Oh, get it.
Get it, get it. Oh.
Oh, oh, here.
Okay, ready?
Gonna get you, gonna get you.
-Gonna get you.
Gonna get you.
-Mwah.
-♪ In your eyes
-♪ I'm alive
♪ Inside you're beautiful
♪ Something so unusual
There she is.
Now, give her a big kiss, okay?
-♪ In your eyes
-Come here.
-♪ I know I'm home, yeah
♪ Every tear, every fear
♪ Gone with the thought
of you ♪
♪ Changing what I thought
I knew ♪
-♪ I'll be yours
-Daddy.
-♪ For a thousand lives
-Wow.
Come on, Teddy.
Let's go inside.
Come on, give me
your little hand.
♪ I'm free as a bird
♪ When I'm flying in your cage
-♪ I'm diving in deep
♪ And I'm riding
with no brakes ♪
♪ And I'm bleeding your love
♪ When you're swimming
in my veins ♪
♪ You got me now
♪ Been waiting
for a lifetime for ya ♪
♪ Been breaking for a lifetime
for ya ♪
♪ Wasn't looking for love
till I found you ♪
♪ Oh, na-na-eh
♪ For love
till I found you, oh ♪
♪ Skin to skin
♪ Breathe me in
♪ Feel with your kiss on me
♪ Lips are made of ecstasy
♪ I'll be yours
♪ For a thousand lives
♪ A thousand lives
♪ I'm free as a bird
when I'm flying in your cage ♪
♪ I'm diving in deep
♪ And I'm riding
with no brakes ♪
-♪ No, no
-♪ And I'm bleeding your love
♪ When you're swimming
in my veins ♪
♪ You've got me now
♪ Now, now
♪ Been waiting
for a lifetime for ya ♪
♪ Been breaking for a lifetime
for ya ♪
♪ Wasn't looking for love
till I found you ♪
♪ Oh, na-na-eh
♪ For love
till I found you, oh ♪
♪ Been waiting
for a lifetime for ya ♪
♪ Been breaking for a lifetime
for ya ♪
♪ Wasn't looking for love
till I found you ♪
♪ Oh, na-na-eh
♪ For love
till I found you, oh ♪
♪ I'm free as a bird
when I'm flying in your cage ♪
♪ I'm diving in deep
♪ And I'm riding
with no brakes ♪
-♪ Ah, ah
-♪ I'm bleeding your love
♪ When you're swimming
in my veins ♪
♪ You've got me now
♪ Been waiting
for a lifetime for ya ♪
♪ Been breaking for a lifetime
for ya ♪
♪ Wasn't looking for love
till I found you ♪
♪ Oh, na-na-eh
♪ For love
till I found you, oh ♪
♪ Been waiting
for a lifetime for ya ♪
♪ Been breaking for a lifetime
for ya ♪
♪ Wasn't looking for love
till I found you ♪
♪ Oh, na-na-eh
♪ For love till I found you
♪ Oh, oh, oh...
♪ Wasn't looking for love
till I found you ♪
♪ Oh, na-na-eh
♪ For love
till I found you, oh. ♪
♪